stuff for 0.6.0 (#197)
amber-lang/amber-docs: docs/nightly-alpha/getting_started/migration_guide.md

> This guide provides a step-by-step walkthrough for migrating code from 0.5.0-alpha to 0.6.0-alpha. The current version introduces a single breaking change.

Reviewer: We have few breaking changed, like same scope redeclaration, failable return types must use `?`, infallible functions must not use `?`

```suggestion
This guide provides a step-by-step walkthrough for migrating code from 0.5.0-alpha to 0.6.0-alpha. The current version introduces breaking changes.
```
